Add support for managing coroutines in with_timeout (#2494)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/newsfragments/2494.change.rst

> Support managing coroutines in :func:`~cocotb.triggers.with_timeout`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passing :term:`python:coroutine`\ s to :func:`~cocotb.triggers.with_timeout` is now supported.
```
